well howdy there internet people it's
beau gown
so tonight we're gonna talk about
something we don't normally talk about
on this channel
there are very few topics that we shy
away from but
one i don't talk about very often
because i feel it's personal
your belief in a creator or your lack of
belief
is not my business it's not anybody's
business it's not up for public debate
normally i hold to that idea pretty well
but every once in a while
a faith engages in an activity
that is a detriment to everybody else
and at that point i feel it's necessary
so it's an obligation
to talk about it so that's what we're
going to do tonight
we're going to talk about the most
fanatical
of all faiths now if you ask
people in the united states that
question what's the most fanatical faith
you're going to get an answer pretty
quick for most people
it's a stereotype it's unfair it's
inaccurate it's wrong
i'm not going to do much to dispel that
stereotype right now
the people of that faith because the
stereotype is wrong
i don't think they're going to mind
because this is in pursuit
of saving lives and they value
human life so i don't think they're
going to care
you ask that question in the united
states somebody's going to say islam
islam has five pillars five things you
have to do
one of them is called hajj it's a
pilgrimage
it's journey it's a big deal by big deal
i mean
if you are financially and physically
capable
you have to make this trip once in your
life
it is a big deal you are literally
walking in the footsteps of the prophets
and engaging in reenactments along the
way
it's a big deal in an average year
two and a half million people do this
this year a thousand hand-picked
under normal circumstances one of the
things that they do involves pebbles
this year those pebbles will be in a
plastic bag
and sanitized drinking from wells
is part of it but not this year bottled
water communal
mills is a big part of it individually
packaged and you will be socially
distanced
this is a faith that most people in the
united states would see as the most
fanatical of all
they are making major accommodations to
a pillar
of their faith because of a public
health issue
that might be why in the state of
florida
where we have a population of about 21
million we've lost 6
332 whereas in saudi arabia where the
population is 33 million 50
more they've only lost about 2 800.
those two things are probably related
how serious they're willing to take it
the most dangerous people in the world
are true believers i know of
no larger fanatic than an american who
has been told it is time to sacrifice
by a leader from their chosen party
especially if that sacrifice is in
pursuit of the almighty dollar
because the ruling class in this country
have done an extraordinary job
of training a large segment of the
working class
that their identity is their job
that's their value that's who they are
you are measured by how much you can
produce
for this economic system and if you
can't you don't really even deserve to
eat
i'd like to point out that one of the
other five pillars is charity
but see in the united states we've got
that edict by tweet
now and their god
donald trump has instructed them it's
time
it's time to reopen the economy get back
out there
send your kid off to school
and there are a whole bunch of the
faithful
who are willing to walk into a market or
a restaurant
or a church or put a backpack on their
kid and send them into a school
i hope you're getting the imagery
because from where i stand i don't see
much of a difference
that's faith that is faith in god
emperor trump right there
if you are one of those people who buy
into that stereotype
i want you to take a look at hodge find
out how important
it really is and then take a look at the
steps
they're taking to keep people safe
and compare that to the steps that your
god
is willing to take or not take
for the safety of your kids their
teachers
and our communities
they're not the fanatics
now they value human life
the real fanatics are here
you know that fanaticism
when it comes to a political leader in
the united states
many times it borders on a cult
and when that leader
needs a bump in the polls or doesn't
want to admit they're wrong
it turns into a death cult very very
quickly and that's where we're at
this isn't an experiment we know what's
going to happen
but there are the faithful
maybe you will be rewarded
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day